i
hello these friday with ben evans i am
daniel bautista and I'm going to present my
6 favorite number 66 for maxim
windey the diner of colombia that resides
in panama and its sheath is called moms
Latinas when they leave their shoes on
carpet
two
this by gives me a lot of laughter because in
my house that is always doing this
it's my dad then he's super fun
because my dad shows up mom number 5
is to play is a great friend of mine not for
that's here but it's the dance when the
teacher loses your homework the axle is to say
who answered teacher combat says
and which is that I do not find the task if
I remember that you gave me the meeting
you are a fool
is a fool I love this expression because
always our thing that never happens
then the number four is for an actor
loyal is that I do not know what the banjo is called
self name in machuca papa but see
it's not super good
I had a yandel I really like that
dance i like a lot as an actor can
improvise there with the little girl and 2 and 2
with 4 4 and 2 are six under this is my
number three is from my brother Maurizio
magician hernandez for the favorite check
what is here the deficit contest
Attention
sorry he said he said that with the
chicago is fine a hair the best of
this video is him
in 12 it is from a dear friend who
be the puche I send you a greeting
we love you so much we do not know you but you
We want a lot of sylvain with her
she became totally famous in the networks
social please create it
when you are at home yet that
and that and that when you are
for this in my house is called
but all the doors
I love the detail that does not end
school word but I love it so much
that can not smile and well my number
one is for dilated I was in what I saw
long before knowing him and others but
it has always been my favorite is the first
bain that I saw from Ivan I do not know if
first but I know not
go out with my friends you take away the minimum
because it 's what I love about this
dance is the next since you're wearing a
while in bani all the roll because you give
account that many men really with
a wig with a cloth with a short
they put it on their head and they become
in a woman character therefore
when you see the dilated dance you assume that
is going to be a woman not to wear the wig
thing that is not that if you go you see the
eggs but this could be write
ebay I hope you have fun so much
as I did if they want to follow me
better not sneeze here I leave you my
social networks
danielle with double l baptista on twitter
I'm comfortable same justice nothing more in
byn in case you want to follow me too and
in instagram I'm like danielle another
with double Baptist there are his eyes
good
remember to subscribe like
comment on this video if you can
share it with your friends share what
remember that every Friday this
chulada then this one is pending
subscribe and there we see you have fun
rumba on the rumba